# Hello-World-
My first respository on GitHub! Maybe I'll become a fancy programmer someday! I want to control my computer, design games, and even build my own operating system!
Every tiome my dad bought a new computer when I was a kid, I was always the one to remove the old system, clean out the space, and install the new system. Back in the mid 90's, this involved a lot of wires. I also remember needing to use a command prompt in order to launch some of my favorite games, like Masters of Magic and Caesar II. It was just enough to make me aware that the lnaguage computers spoke was totally different from the language I spoke. I didn't really think about it again until I graduated form college, when the first computer I bought was breaking down. I realized then and there that if I wanted a good computer, I would need to become a programmer. If I wanted my favorite games to proffer the experience I was looking for, I would need to become a GOOD programmer. SO here I am, with a system I bought myself eager to learn how to control it inside and out. It took me long enough to get here (I'm 27 now), so I can't wait to make lots of progress!

I'm starting by learning C and Haskell. These choices because C is the base for so many languages, and Haskell because it's a pure FP language. How could I confuse sucj drastically different languages with one another, you know? I figure it'll round out my knowledge, and force me to keep a good bird's eye view of the real language of computers. Wish me luck y'all!
